Macromedia Flash Run-Time Distribution License

Publisher has developed, intends to develop, has contracted to develop or intends to contract
to have developed one or more End-User Products, which it desires to distribute to end-users.
Macromedia hereby licenses Publisher to distribute the Macromedia Run-Time within such
End-User Products without payment of a royalty to Macromedia, subject to the terms of this
License.


1. Definitions
(a) A “Developer” creates the End-User Products, using the Macromedia Software.

(b) An "End-User Product" is the output file, or projector, generated by the Macromedia
Software, which includes a component of the Macromedia Software called the Macromedia
Run-Time. Animations, courseware, presentations, demonstration files, interactive multimedia
material, interactive entertainment products and the like are examples of End-User Products.

(c) The “Macromedia Run-Time” is a portion of the Macromedia Software required by the
End User Product for the End-User Product to operate when the Macromedia Software
product is not resident.

(d) The “Macromedia Software” is the Macromedia Flash authoring software product.

(e) A “Publisher” causes the Publisher Products to be reproduced and distributed to end-users,
whether directly or indirectly, through distributors or resellers. A Publisher may also be the
Developer, or may have contracted with the Developer to create the Publisher Product.

(f) “Publisher Products” means the End-User Products developed through use of the
Macromedia Software.


2. Grant of Rights
(a) Publishing License.

(i) Macromedia grants to Publisher a non- exclusive, non-transferable, perpetual, worldwide,
nonroyalty bearing license to incorporate, or have incorporated by its Developer, object code
copies of the Macromedia Run-Time into Publisher Products and to display, perform, copy,
advertise, promote, distribute, license and sub-license such copies, subject to Publisher’s
compliance with the terms of this License. Publisher has no right to, and agrees not to display,
perform, copy, distribute, license and sub-license copies of the Macromedia Run-Time except
as a part of or within a Publisher Product.

(ii) End-User Products developed using Educational, Academic or Not For Resale (NFR)
versions of the Macromedia Software are restricted to internal use only and are not included
within the definition of Publisher Products.

(iii) Publisher’s end-user license agreement shall contain, at a minimum, the following
limitations: (1) no title to or ownership rights in the Publisher Product or any portion of the
Publisher Product are transferred; (2) the end-user shall not reverse compile or disassemble
the Publisher Product.

(iv) Publisher’s rights to distribute Publisher Products created by a Developer are subject to
Macromedia - Flash Player Usage Rights Seite 1 von 2
http://www.adobe.com/products/eula/tools/flash_runtime_license.html 02.08.2006
Publisher and Developer having entered into a written agreement requiring Developer to
comply with this Section 2(a). Publisher’s failure to require Developer to so comply will be
deemed a material breach of this License.


3. General
(a) Indemnification of Macromedia. With the exception of claims which may relate solely to
the operation of the Macromedia Run-Time itself, Publisher shall indemnify and hold
Macromedia harmless against all claims, demands, suits, liabilities, losses, damages,
judgments, settlements, costs and expenses, (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out
of third party claims against Macromedia relating to the performance, promotion and/or
distribution of the Publisher Products.

(b) Governing Law and Legal Actions. This License shall be governed by internal laws of the
State of California.

Copyright © 2006 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.
http://www.adobe.com/products/eula/tools/flash_runtime_license.html 02.08.2006